[Edit] Swift Arrays: `.first()` (#1308)
Codecademy/docs: content/swift/concepts/arrays/terms/first/first.md

  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

The **`.first()`** method returns the first element of the array that fulfills the condition. Otherwise, it returns `nil`.

> **Note:** `.first()` is a method while `.first` is a property. Details about the `.first` array property can be found near the bottom of this entry.

## Syntax

```pseudo
arrayName.first(where: { condition })
```

> The `.first()` method takes a single `condition` parameter. It is a [closure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures) that returns a Boolean value indicating whether a given array element is a match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.first()` method takes a single `condition` parameter. It is a [closure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures) that returns a boolean value indicating whether a given array element is a match.
```

> The `.first()` method takes a single `condition` parameter. It is a [closure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures) that returns a boolean value indicating whether a given array element is a match.

Reviewer 2: It would be a good idea to link out "boolean" which just happens to be the docs' concept of the week!

```suggestion
The `.first()` method takes a single `condition` parameter. It is a [closure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures) that returns a [boolean](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/boolean) value indicating whether a given array element is a match.
```

  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

The **`.first()`** method returns the first element of the array that fulfills the condition. Otherwise, it returns `nil`.

> > **Note:** `.first()` is a method while `.first` is a property. For details about the `.first` array property see the bottom part of this document.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> **Note:** `.first()` is a method while `.first` is a property. Details about the `.first` array property can be found near the bottom of this entry.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
arrayName.first(where: { condition })
```

The `.first()` method takes a single `condition` parameter. It is a [closure](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/swift/closures) that returns a Boolean value indicating whether a given array element is a match.

## Example

```swift

> 
> var values = [3, 4, 5, 6, 7]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
var values = [3, 4, 5, 6, 7]
```
